Add guideline to prevent manual changes to codebase content (#7627)
magento/devdocs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

-  Review existing [pull requests](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/pulls) and [issues](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/issues) to avoid duplicating work.
-  For large contributions, or changes that include multiple files, [open an issue](#report-an-issue) and discuss it with us first. This helps prevent duplicate or unnecessary work.
-  Do not make global find-and-replace changes without first creating an issue and discussing it with us. Global changes can have unintended consequences.

> -  Do not make changes to content in the [`_data/codebase`](https://src/_data/codebase) directory, which contains version-specific, auto-generated content from Magento source code. Any manual changes will be lost when the file regenerates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Do not make changes to content in the [`_data/codebase`](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/tree/master/src/_data/codebase) directory, which contains auto-generated data from Magento source code. Any manual changes will be lost when the file regenerates.
```
